The contract we are talking about seems to have been compared by Ye Hao.
So all the incoming bids come out,
The Ye family's plan is the best. If Ye Hesheng doesn't let us compare,
you're right.
This contract is for me, to move you to me.
Manager Sun, we have also prepared the plan.
Okay, there is a way.
Do you know if the group really has one hundred and one contracts?
Able to participate in the bid,
The lowest bass, involved in chocolate, has ten tones,
Even if your plan is better,
There are four guesses for you here.
Oh, everything is done
The tomb family will not be affected by your actions.
So you have ten meanings
Play your class
The geopolitical situation will be divided into centuries.
You still have one last coincidence, will Wu Man
It was so late when I returned to the tomb house and walked in
Will bring this huge thing to the tomb family
When you were still here as a party student
Do you really think you are an adult?
century hua
He looks at your house
None of them are qualified to enter the bidding by guessing words.
Do this at the bottom of the tomb
Just to let Wan Jin return to the cave and take your place there
You owe me a debt and you didn’t know you were deceived by them, promise?
no matter what you say
My goal is not to lose because of you.
You need far-reaching ability
Just take out the 11 treasures of gold.
Yes sir
if you can't find
Those with a background of third-rate test masters or above are considered inferior
We need you to conduct a self-assessment review
And if you can't come up with a short partition that suits your needs,
You will not be eligible to have a warning